README.md, before:

# Classic Arcade Game Clone Project 

## Table of Contents

- [Game Instructions](#gameinstructions)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Built With](#builtwith)
- [External Code Used in this Project](#ExternalCodeUsedinthisProject)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)


## Game Instructions 

The Arcade Game clone is a desktop game that is modelled after the well-known game Frogger. You can direct your player using the arrow keys on a keyboard. The goal of the game is to ensure your Player avoids collision with objects while crossing the road and to reach the water line successfully.

Don't get hit while crossing the road! When you collide with anything else, you have to start again.

## Play Online in the Live View

You can play the game here: need to create a online inbuilt github link to place here.


## Installation

This game needs a keyboard with arrow keys as you use arrow keys to direct your character.

There are two ways you can install this project:
1. Download the resository as a zip-file, extract it and open the index.html to run the Arcade Game.

2. Clone the repository with Git Bash: $ git clone https://github.com***need-to-add-my-repo and open the index.html to run the Arcade Game.

## Credits

These resources helped me to get a better understanding of the arcade game project:

www.udacity.com and www.mathewcranford.com

## Built With

Languages:

HTML
CSS
JavaScript

## External Code Used in this Project

The starter code for this project comes from Udacity Arcade Game repository by Richard Kalehoff. I forked it, cloned it and downloaded it from my cloned version on github. You should see a connection between the starter code and mine.

Code reuse in this game manily came from https://matthewcranford.com/arcade-game-walkthrough tutorials and udacity.com starter code.

## Contributing

This repository is one of my projects as a Udacity student. Therefore, I most likely will not accept pull requests.
 
## Acknowledgements

Big thanks to such generous people in the up coming and senior development community at Udacity, Google and outside. You have helped me understand so much more and grow. I deeply appreciate the hope it allows to remain in me of humanity and of our future together.

A special shout out to my study group on slack who were my life line and a source of comradeship. 

I wish you all every happiness.

Commit message:

changes to readme added live link

README.md, after:

# Classic Arcade Game Clone Project 

## Table of Contents

- [Game Instructions](#gameinstructions)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Built With](#builtwith)
- [External Code Used in this Project](#ExternalCodeUsedinthisProject)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)


## Game Instructions 

The Arcade Game clone is a desktop game that is modelled after the well-known game Frogger. You can direct your player using the arrow keys on a keyboard. The goal of the game is to ensure your Player avoids collision with objects while crossing the road and to reach the water line successfully.

Don't get hit while crossing the road! When you collide with anything else, you have to start again.

## Play Online in the Live View

You can play the game here just click this link https://marthataylor.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game/ and it will open a live version of the game in your browser.


## Installation

This game needs a keyboard with arrow keys as you use arrow keys to direct your character.

There are two ways you can install this project:
1. Download the resository as a zip-file, extract it and open the index.html to run the Arcade Game.

2. Clone the repository with Git Bash. Choose where you want to clone the project to on your laptop and cd into it, for example ```cd Desktop``` 
Then Open my repository at https://github.com/MarthaTaylor/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game click the clone button and take the url. Next open Git Bash and run the command ```$ git clone place-the-url-here``` and run it. Open the index.html file on your local machine and run the game in the browser.

## Credits

These resources helped me to get a better understanding of the arcade game project:

www.udacity.com and www.mathewcranford.com

## Built With

Languages:

HTML
CSS
JavaScript

## External Code Used in this Project

The starter code for this project comes from Udacity Arcade Game repository by Richard Kalehoff. I forked it, cloned it and downloaded it from my cloned version on github. You should see a connection between the starter code and mine.

Code reuse in this game manily came from https://matthewcranford.com/arcade-game-walkthrough tutorials and udacity.com starter code.

## Contributing

This repository is one of my projects as a Udacity student. Therefore, I most likely will not accept pull requests.
 
## Acknowledgements

Big thanks to such generous people in the up coming and senior development community at Udacity, Google and outside. You have helped me understand so much more and grow. I deeply appreciate the hope it allows to remain in me of humanity and of our future together.

A special shout out to my study group on slack who were my life line and a source of comradeship. 

I wish you all every happiness.
